feat(cdk/testing): allow disabling & batching of change detection (#20464)
angular/components: src/cdk/testing/test-harnesses.md

resolves. When reading multiple properties of a harness it may not be necessary to block on the
first before asking for the next, in these cases use `Promise.all` to parallelize.

> Another thing to consider when parallelizing multiple operations is the component harnesses
> automatically trigger change detection before reading state from an element and after interacting
> with it. When you're running multiple operations in a `Promise.all`, you don't need change detection
> to be triggered multiple times. In order to optimize performance, both `HarnessLoader` and
> `ComponentHarness` offer a `batchCD` method that can be used to ensure change detection is only
> triggered once before the batch operation, and once after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, test harnesses will run Angular's change detection after every operation.
If you're performing a large number of operations, this may slow down your tests.
To avoid running change detection for every operation, you can use the `batchChangeDetection`
method on `ComponentHarness` and `HarnessLoader` to run change detection just once.

<!-- example -->
```

Author: Accepted with some modifications because the suggestion dropped some important points from the original

to improve the test readability.

Note that `await` statements block the execution of your test until the associated `Promise`

> resolves. There are often times when you want to perform multiple actions simultaneously and wait
> until they're all done rather than blocking. For example, reading multiple properties off a harness.
> In these situations use the `parallel` function to parallelize the operations. The parallel function
> works similarly to `Promise.all`, while also optimizing change detection, so it is not run an
> excessive number of times. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolves. Occasionally, you may want to perform multiple actions simultaneously and wait
until they're all done rather than performing each action sequentially. For example, reading multiple properties off a single components.
In these situations use the `parallel` function to parallelize the operations. The parallel function
works similarly to `Promise.all`, while also optimizing change detection, so it is not run an
excessive number of times. The following code demonstrates how you can read multiple properties from a harness with `parallel`:
```
